Summer Fair project submission plan starts now
Let's go down. Mmm.
This fair
We unfold it in the form of a blind box.
In order to give customers more freshness
So that was the plan.
Hey, I can't put it down.
How is your group's plan the same as ours?
Same?
Are you plagiarizing our group's plan?
Oops for competition
The general manager actually used such a despicable means
Chairperson, look
What happened to An Tong?
Chairperson, I did not plagiarize.
Since the explanation is unclear
Why don't they let their ancestors do sales?
So be it.
Huang Lei
Your group will sell first, so that the meeting will end
The advertisement clearly says that this blind box has been drawn.
You can give two more blind boxes for free.
Now you don't admit it?
Don't be angry.
How come?
Manager Wang, I don't know either.
You are the leader, right?